app/Variables/page.mdx, before:

# What are Variables?

Variables are used to store information. This information can then be used throughout your code.
Below is an example of how to create a variable in Python:
```python
# Example of a variable in Python
age = 28
```

**age** is the variable name
**28** is the value assigned to the variable
The **=** (equals sign) is needed to assign the value to the variable.

So now we have declared a variable **age** that stores the value **28**. 
You can now use this variable in your code by simply referring to its name.

```python
# Using the variable
print(age)  # This will output: 28
```
## Constants

Constants in programming are variables that are meant to remain unchanged throughout the program.
Their value is `constant`

Unlike other programming languages, Python does not have a way to declare constants.
Meaning that all variables in Python can technically be changed.

However, it is common to use uppercase letters to indicate that a variable should be treated as a constant.

```python
# Example of a constant in Python
PI = 3.14159
```
In this example, **PI** is intended to be a constant that represents the mathematical constant pi.

Next we'll go over the different types of variables in Python.

Commit message:

add data explorer instructions draft

app/Variables/page.mdx, after:

# What are Variables?

Variables are used to store data. This data can then be used throughout your code.
Below is an example of how to create a variable in Python:
```python
# Example of a variable in Python
age = 28
```

- **age** is the variable name
- **28** is the value assigned to the variable
- The **=** (equals sign) is needed to assign the value to the variable.

So now we have declared a variable **age** that stores the value **28**. 
You can now use this variable in your code by simply referring to its name.

```python
# Using the variable
print(age)  # This will print the variable value **28** to the console
```
## Constants

Constants in programming are variables that are meant to remain unchanged throughout the program.
Their value is `constant`

Unlike other programming languages, Python does not have a way to create constants.
Meaning that constants in Python can technically be changed after you initially assign their value.

However, it is common to use uppercase letters to indicate that a variable should be treated as a constant and its value should not be changed later

```python
# Example of a constant in Python
PI = 3.14159
```
In this example, **PI** is intended to be a constant that represents the mathematical constant pi.

Next we'll go over the different types of variables in Python.
